---
title: Noodl 2.8.3
description: Noodl 2.8.3
slug: april-2023
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

<section>

## New features

- Radio buttons can now be sized in %, not just px
- Noodl.Record.fetch function in Javascript can now follow pointers in columns and include the internal objects as well.
- Caching strategy has been improved on sandbox deploys
- It's now possible to set pointers in a Record to another Noodl Record and save it to the database.
- Improved how workspace limits are reported in the editor
- External cloud services are now saved to the cloud for improved collaboration. Master key is still only saved locally and not shared with the cloud.
- Improved code completion in the code editor to include more Noodl APIs.
- Added syntax highlighting to HTML, including the custom HTML node or head code in project settings.

</section>

<section>

## Bug fixes

- The deployed index.js file now includes a hash of its content in the filename to address some caching issues.
- Fixed bug where updating a deploy would sometimes change the backend to the active one in the editor instead of the one previously used in the deploy
- Column node would render a gap in the first column
- null values are now handled better by Record nodes
- Repeater and Function nodes could trigger errors in the console after they were deleted
- Fixed bug in Page Router when multiple routes could match an url. This happened if multiple routes were the same but with different amounts of dynamic paths. The route with the closest matching length will now be used, instead of the longest one.
- Fixed rare layout bug with the node graph view in the editor
- Cloud function would sometimes not respond to requests that were executed immediately when a project opened. Only affected the editor, not deployed projects.
- Fixed rare bug with CSS Definition node where the CSS could sometimes be removed after the node was deleted during runtime

</section>