---
title: Noodl 2.8.4
description: Noodl 2.8.4
slug: april-2023-2
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

<section>

## Features

- Added Min Column Width to Column node allowing for more finegrained layouts.
- Added Aggregate node, used to compute an aggregate over properties of records. This node can only be used in Cloud Functions.
- Added the possibility to import CSV files inside Parse Dashboard with support for many data types.
- Added Copy values in the debug inspector, making it easy to copy the values and paste them into ChatGPT.
- Added `{monthShort}` expression in the Date To String node.
- Added Horizontal Gap and Vertical Gap to the Group node.
- Improved the Icon Picker design and allowed for other kinds of icon libraries.
- Improved the Preview URL input field to be editable, allowing navigation to dynamic pages.

</section>

<section>

## Bug fixes

- Fixed Code Editor typings not being imported correctly.
- Fixed setting value in the Dropdown node before items caused an exception.
- Fixed two more rare layout bugs with the node graph view in the editor
- Fixed Function node and Repeater node could produce errors after being deleted.
- Fixed docs image URLs in node picker allowing us to improve the docs performance.
- Fixed undefined `setChildIndex` exception caused by unattached Repeater nodes.
- Fixed a rare issue when cloning git repositories with invalid filenames on Windows.
- Fixed that the Parse schema was not updated when changed in rare cases.
- Fixed Code Editor Version Control Diff exit button not working when scrolling. 
- Fixed CSS issues in the editor where the scrollbar took over the mouse inputs in popouts.
- Fixed bug with "not equal to" operation in visual query records filter.
- Fixed bug when importing prefabs twice.
- Fixed color picker bug.
- Fixed bug with meta data in project json that increased file size.

</section>
