---
title: Noodl 2.9.1
description: Noodl 2.9.1
slug: september-2023
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

<section>

## Features

In this version, we've introduced several experimental Meta-tags to the Page nodes. Currently not all the Meta-tags provide any value with the current Noodl hosting because the website crawlers have to run javascript something that most of them skip.

To address this limitation, we're actively exploring alternative hosting solutions, such as Static Site Generation (SSG) and Server-Side Rendering (SSR). We are planning on testing these solutions in our upcoming marketplace.

- Enhanced notifications when workspace capacity has been exceeded, providing better visibility and awareness.
- Introduced a new Tag property (in Advanced HTML) on Group and Text nodes, offering additional SEO options for improved search engine optimization.
- Implemented extract to a component by selecting nodes and right clicking on them to open a context menu, making it possible to organize your node graphs at lightning speed!
- Introduced the fill method on Object, allowing users to change all properties on a Noodl Object at once.
- Experimental feature: Added metatags on Page nodes (Note: This feature is currently not supported by Noodl hosting).
- Experimental feature: Sitemap generation is now available, facilitating better navigation and searchability for SEO.
- Support for changing the base URL path, enabling hosting in folders, the path can be accessed via `Noodl.Env['BaseUrl']`.
- Added partial JavaScript typings to the Query Records node.
- Version Control panel has a few more options when the git origin is an external git provider.
- The AI documentation link in Editor Settings has been updated to the latest version, ensuring access to the most recent information.
- Add AI Enterprise version allowing you to change the endpoint and model (requires Custom Pro plan right now).
- Improved collapsible section in Editor Settings, providing a more user-friendly interface.
- Enhanced the AI Function node with slight changes to improve functionality and performance.
- Enhanced the Cloud Function node function selector for improved usability.
- Renamed "Advanced Style" to "Advanced HTML" property group on all Visual nodes, making it more intuitive and aligned with its purpose.
- Emit a new event "NoodlApp_Navigated" when the Page Router navigates. Read more in the Noodl.Events API.
- Text Input node now has Text Alignment.
- Navigate and Navigate To Path nodes now has an "open in new tab" option.
- Added a new Controls property on the Video node allowing to show the browser video controls.
- Enhanced the Color input names (in node graph) of Text Input, Button, etc. Now they are "Icon Color" etc instead of just "Color".
- Added experimental Deploy Date and Git Stats, in the Project Settings Deploy section. Making it possible to get the current deployed time and git info. 
- Improved design mode right click menu text to be more descriptive.
- Button nodes change the default node label based on the label property.
- Enhanced all the visual nodes with a Children Count output.
- Improved the Expression node to not recognizing "Boolean" as an input.
- Improved the Component Inputs/Outputs panel making it possible to add multiple ports/groups using a comma separated string in the creation input.
- The side panel has been updated where instead of opening a drawer it now shows tooltips.

</section>

<section>

## Bug fixes

- Editor Titlebar is now clickable again after the Electron upgrade, restoring normal functionality.
- Version Control local changes, history, and commit changes are now scrollable, restoring normal functionality.
- Cloud Functions is now scrollable, restoring normal functionality.
- Page node now correctly updates the title and URL when the component is renamed, maintaining accurate navigation and representation.
- Noodl logo overlay now includes all necessary CSS styles, addressing a build system issue.
- Running another server on port 3000 no longer causes unexpected behaviors in the Editor, ensuring a stable environment.
- Resolved an issue with the Text Input Icon image source, ensuring proper rendering.
- Resolved an issue with the Columns node, allowing advanced CSS styling and class customization for more flexibility.
- Resolved a false positive exception with the Object node. ("TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'on')")
- Fixed an issue with the Radio Button CSS Class, ensuring consistent styling.
- Fixed an issue that caused text input nodes without labels to not respect changes to certain styling properties during runtime, providing consistent visual behavior.
- Fixed the Dropdown node on Windows, addressing the inner placement offset to ensure proper alignment and positioning.
- Fixed an issue where Show Popup shows the correct input types.
- Fixed an issue with the Node Reference panel and make it scrollable again.
- Fixed an issue where connections lost their types when deleting and undo the delete.
- Fixed an issue with the Page Router not handling Query parameters on the root URL.
- Fixed an issue with the Video node where not handling updating the Source or Poster inputs dynamically.
- Fixed double click on Navigate node to open the target Page component.
- Fixed Button node label now typecasting to String, when passing in a boolean it will now convert that to a 'true' or 'false' string etc.
- Fixed AI Toolbar to keep the prompt when selecting an AI node.
- Fixed an issue with the Dropdown node, where unmount and mount kept the previous value in the Value output. 
- Fixed an issue with the Slider node, where Value Percent was not outputted on the initial mount.
- Fixed when deleting an AI node, it cancels all the LLM requests.
- Fixed an issue when setting individual corner radii or border widths via connections.

</section>
