---
title: Noodl 2.9.2
description: Noodl 2.9.2
slug: october-2023
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

<section>

## Features

- "Deploy to folder" and self-hosted cloud services are now available in all plans!
- Added a new Cloud File manager for Noodl hosted Cloud Services, this can be found in the Cloud Service panel under the “Manage cloud services” modal.
- Experimental feature: Page Router navigation optimization will only re-render routers that have been changed when navigating back/forward or to a full path. This is currently behind a flag that can be found in the Project Settings. Makes apps with nested page routers perform much better when navigating.
- Add a new output to the Page Router, "Current Page Component" to complement the “Current Page Title” output.
- Enhanced the code editor to enable word wrap by default for plaintext.
- Enhanced the code editor to remember the popup size in percentage.
- Enhanced the AI nodes with double click to open the code editor.
- Enhanced the AI chat panel to now have an “Open Code Editor” button to open the code editor directly without changing the tab.
- Enhanced the String node to change the default label to be the value of the node.
- Improved the node graph to allow lower levels of zoom on large components so you can always zoom out to a point where all nodes are visible.

</section>

<section>

## Bug fixes

- Fixed a regression with the Video node when the default source input was undefined.
- Fixed an issue with the dropdown nodes hit area when running MacOS Safari
- Fixed an issue with the “Set Component Object Properties” node to not change any other values than what is visible.
- Update small typo in the Javascript API typings.
- Fixed an issue in Parse Dashboard with importing CSV with required columns.
- Fixed an issue in Parse Dashboard with adding a special CLP role caused unexpected behaviour.

</section>
